CSM-5174: Code change to exclude the projects in gsuite folder (#14)
uptycslabs/terraform-google-gcp-integration: README.md

# Terraform GCP module - Organization Integration for Uptycs

## Overview
This module provides the required GCP resources to integrate a GCP organization with Uptycs.

> This module will provision the required GCP resources inorder to integrate GCP organization with Uptycs.

Reviewer: Keep this please

It creates the following resources:

* Service Account, Workload Identity Pool & Identity provider under host-project
* For each project selected or for all projects in the organization, it adds IAM read permissions so Uptycs can collect telemetry
* Read permissions for the Service Account created:
  * roles/iam.securityReviewer
  * roles/bigquery.resourceViewer
  * roles/pubsub.subscriber
  * roles/viewer
  * roles/browser

## Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following before you execute the Terraform Script:

- You need to have the following privileges to apply the configuration:

  * Organization Administrator
  * IAM Workload Identity Pool Admin (at Org level)
  * Service Account Admin (at Org level)

> - You need to Enable following APIs in the host-project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You need to enable the following APIs on the host-project:
```

  * IAM Service Account Credentials API
  * Cloud Resource Manager API

>   * Cloud Pub/Sub API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Cloud Pub/Sub API (Conditional)
```

- `Terraform` version should be >= 1.2.5.

> - `Gcloud` is required for authenticatication and to generate the credentials file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gcloud` is required for authenticatication and to generate the credentials file.
```

## Authentication:

```
Login with ADC
- "gcloud auth application-default login"
```

## Terraform Script

To execute the Terraform script:

1. **Prepare .tf file**

   Create a `main.tf` file in a new folder. Copy and paste the following configuration and modify as required:

   ```
   module "create-gcp-cred" {
     source                    = "github.com/uptycslabs/terraform-google-gcp-integration"
     organization_id           = "<GCP-ORGANIZATION-ID>"
     integration_name          = "uptycs-int-20220101"
     service_account_name      = "sa-for-uptycs"

     # Select an existing project from your organization to host resources created by this configuration
     host_project_id = "<Host-Project-ID>"

>      # Set to true, If you want to give permission at organization level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # Set this to true If you want to give permission at organization level
```

>      # Set to false, If you want to give permissions at project level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # Set this to false otherwise (If you want to give permissions per child project)
```

     organization_id           = "<GCP-ORGANIZATION-ID>"
     integration_name          = "uptycs-int-20220101"
     service_account_name      = "sa-for-uptycs"

     # Select an existing project from your organization to host resources created by this configuration
     host_project_id = "<Host-Project-ID>"

     # Set this to true If you want to give permission at organization level
     Set this to false otherwise (If you want to give permissions per child project)
     set_org_level_permissions = true

     # AWS account details
     # Copy Uptycs's AWS Account ID and Role from Uptycs' UI.
     # Uptycs' UI: "Cloud"->"GCP"->"Integrations"->"ORGANIZATION INTEGRATION"
     host_aws_account_id     = "<AWS account id>"
     host_aws_instance_roles  = ["Role_Allinone", "Role_PNode", "Role_Cloudquery"]
   }

   output "host-project-id" {
     value = module.create-gcp-cred.host-project-id
   }

   output "integration-name" {
     value = module.create-gcp-cred.integration-name
   }

   output "credential-file-gen-command" {
     value = module.create-gcp-cred.credential-file-gen-command
   }

   ```

**Notes**:

> - **If you set the flag `set_org_level_permissions` to `true`, the permissions at the organization level are attached to the service account. Any addition of a project to the organization is automatically integrated with Uptycs. You do not need to execute `step 2`.**

Reviewer: This is very confusing.
Are trying to convey that user has to re-run the config if there are new-projects for cases where they did not give us org-permissions?
If so, delete these two lines. Our UI will guide them to re-run TF.
Other option is to add a small note at the end to re-run terraform when new projects are created.
Again having this comment here is very confusing.
